NeoFS block storage: add uploading commands (#3582)
nspcc-dev/neo-go: docs/neofs-blockstorage.md

 - primary node index (`primary:0`)
 - block hash in the LE form (`hash:5412a781caf278c0736556c0e544c7cfdbb6e3c62ae221ef53646be89364566b`)
 - previous block hash in the LE form (`prevHash:3654a054d82a8178c7dfacecc2c57282e23468a42ee407f14506368afe22d929`)

>  - millisecond-precision block timestamp (`timestamp:1627894840919`)

Author: commit message

Once all blocks available in the NeoFS container are processed, the service
shuts down automatically.

### NeoFS Upload Command
The `upload-bin` command is designed to fetch blocks from the RPC node and upload 
them to the NeoFS container.
It also creates and uploads index files. Below is an example usage of the command:

```shell

> ./bin/neo-go util upload-bin --cid 9iVfUg8aDHKjPC4LhQXEkVUM4HDkR7UCXYLs8NQwYfSG --wallet-config ./wallet-config.yml --block-attribute "test" --index-attribute "test-index" --rpc-endpoint https://rpc.t5.n3.nspcc.ru:20331 -fsr st1.t5.fs.neo.org:8080 -fsr st2.t5.fs.neo.org:8080 -fsr st3.t5.fs.neo.org:8080

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./bin/neo-go util upload-bin --cid 9iVfUg8aDHKjPC4LhQXEkVUM4HDkR7UCXYLs8NQwYfSG --wallet-config ./wallet-config.yml --block-attribute block --index-attribute index --rpc-endpoint https://rpc.t5.n3.nspcc.ru:20331 -fsr st1.t5.fs.neo.org:8080 -fsr st2.t5.fs.neo.org:8080 -fsr st3.t5.fs.neo.org:8080
```

`--block-attribute` and `--index-attribute` should not be surrounded by quotes. These are string flags.

--index-attribute value                                                        Attribute key of the index file object
--address value                                                                Address to use for signing the uploading and searching transactions in NeoFS
--index-file-size value                                                        Size of index file (default: 128000)
--rpc-endpoint value, -r value                                                 RPC node address
--timeout value, -s value                                                      Timeout for the operation (default: 10s)
--wallet value, -w value                                                       Wallet to use to get the key for transaction signing; conflicts with --wallet-config flag
--wallet-config value                                                          Path to wallet config to use to get the key for transaction signing; conflicts with --wallet flag
--help, -h                                                                     show help
```

This command works as follows:
1. Fetches the current block height from the RPC node.

> 2. Searches for the last block in the full batch already stored in NeoFS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Searches for the oldest half-filled batch of block objects stored in NeoFS.
```

> 3. Fetches missing blocks from the RPC node and uploads them to the NeoFS container 
> starting from the last full batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Fetches missing blocks from the RPC node and uploads them to the NeoFS container 
starting from the oldest half-filled batch.
```

4. After uploading the blocks, it creates index files for the newly uploaded blocks. 
5. Uploads the created index files to the NeoFS container.

> If the command is interrupted, it can be resumed by starting from the last block in 
> the full batch that was successfully uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the command is interrupted, it can be resumed. It starts the uploading process
from the oldest half-filled batch of blocks.
```
